README.md, before:

SproutCore HTML5 Application Framework
======================================
 
SproutCore is a framework for building blazing-fast, desktop-like applications
in the web browser using only native HTML5 features. With SproutCore, you can
build rich, interactive applications in the web in less code than most simple
web pages require today.

The easiest way to get started with SproutCore is using the Abbot build tools
included with the SproutCore package when you install it from the Ruby gem.
Please see the Get Started documentation on the SproutCore website for more
information.

    http://www.sproutcore.com/

If you would like to contact the authors, you can reach the current maintainer
at <charles@sproutit.com>

See the AUTHORS file for a list of contributors to SproutCore.

## Acknowledgements

SproutCore includes code from a number of different open source projects
including:

* [jQuery](http://www.jquery.com/)
* [Prototype](http://www.prototypejs.org/)
* [Datejs](http://www.datejs.com/)
* [JSON2](http://www.json.org/)

Commit message:

updated README.md with discussion of SproutCore.js goals and changes

README.md, after:

SproutCore.js
=============

The goal for this SproutCore fork is:

* an all-JavaScript buildtools with installation via npm
* a simplified, streamlined framework organization with dead and experimental code removed
* laser-like focus on desktop web browsers, awesome documentation, and stability, especially in the view layer

In addition, the view layer is being updated in conjunction with the development of Blossom, Fohr's soon-to-be-released <canvas>-based SproutCore view layer.

The Changes
-----------

SproutCore.js involves three separate modifications to the existing SproutCore 1.4.5 framework (actually, the 1-4-stable branch).

First, the many sub-frameworks will be consolidated and/or removed. Just three frameworks will remain, Foundation, Datastore, and Desktop (similar to Cocoa’s Foundation, Core Data, and AppKit frameworks, respectively). Touch and mobile support will be dropped completely, as well as anything experimental or unmaintained (e.g. Greenhouse).

Second, the Node.js buildtools (Garçon) will be moved into the SproutCore repository itself (they will not be a separate project). Historically, the Ruby buildtools have been tied to specific versions of SproutCore, but due to having two repositories, users would frequently use the wrong buildtools with their version of SproutCore. This was particularly problematic when working on SproutCore itself.

To combat the many problems we’ve had over the years, the JavaScript buildtools will be distributed and maintained within the main SproutCore repository and npm installer, not as a separate project.

Third, the view layer (Desktop) will be updated and modernized to remain in sync with Fohr’s proposed <canvas>-based view layer, called Blossom.

Getting Involved
----------------

Why this fork exists: http://bit.ly/future-of-sproutcore
Pull request to merge changes back into SproutCore proper: https://github.com/sproutcore/sproutcore/pull/633
IRC Channel: #sproutcorejs on Freenode
Google Group: https://groups.google.com/group/sproutcorejs

Please watch this repository on GitHub to follow development, or fork it and submit a pull request to help contribute to it's evolution.

This fork is maintained by Erich Ocean at Fohr <eocean@fohr.com>.
